feat(gas): do not store self-code in dictionary of child contract codes (#1213)
tact-lang/tact: CHANGELOG.md

- Do not automatically validate all addresses when receiving/sending messages or using address manipulating functions: PR [#1207](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/1207)
- Remove `enabledMasterchain` compiler config option from `tact.config.json`: PR [#1207](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/1207)
- Remove `org.ton.chain.any.v0` interface: PR [#1207](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/1207)

> - Tact does not anymore store the code of the parent contract in the system cell with all the child contract codes used in `initOf` to reduce gas fees: PR [#1213](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/1213)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To reduce fees, Tact no longer stores the parent contract code in the system cell that holds all the child contract codes used in `initOf`. Instead, the `MYCODE` instruction is used: PR [#1213](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/1213)
```

Readability nitpick

Author: `s/held/holds`
